thirty years ago because of mean aggression
by the century we lost
and I'm on them from different hill will give you not
Can you imagine how sick we are from this
live bukov stylishly who destroyed our
planet I do not wish you evil I want peace
they are new war 2 dawn thinks she has not
the choice therefore makes it well you fall
she will not bend she protects her people
my house
all we have
stand still
this name is ashdown only from our people
there must be a right to protect photographers and
do it by any means available
if we didn't know before then now knows
helgasty
want to destroy us from this evil us
separates only the wall
it's all a matter of time they are back on us
will attack
you are what you do is destroy it
don't lie to me you want to make footprints
Your business
move your false beliefs or you on
the edge of the box is a vector this is our home he
there will always be our remember it